Git Rebase Game!
================

This is a group activity that accompanies the [Git Rebase slideshow](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13O78AVGnz83HDpPelluG6UnIKXxFlHNb6usM_-zXpZM/).

First Header | Second Header
------------ | -------------
Content from cell 1 | Content from cell 2
Content in the first column | Content in the second column

Documentation | Location and description
------------- | ------------------------
Developer docs - Services | The documentation for each service is taken from the *README.md* file located on that repository.

Documentation | Location and description
------------- | ------------------------
Developer docs - Services | The documentation for each service is taken from the *README.md* file located on that repository.
Developer docs - Style guide | This is the code style guide, located in the openlmis-template-service in file *STYLE-GUIDE.md*.
Developer docs - Testing guide | This is the document that outlines the strategy and rules for test development. It is located in the openlmis-template-service in *TESTING.md* file.
Developer docs - Error Handling | This document outlines how errors should be managed in Services and how they should be reported through API responses.
ERD schema | The ERD schema for certain services is generated by Jenkins. The static file that links to the schema is located together with the documentation and the schemas itself are built and kept on Jenkins as build artifacts. The link always points to the ERD schema of the latest, successful build.
UI Styleguide | The configuration of the styleguide is located on the openlmis-requisition-refUI. The actual Styleguide is generated by the Jenkins job and uploaded to the gh-pages branch on the same repository.
API documentation | This contains the link to the Swagger documentation for the API endpoints. It is built by the Jenkins job and kept as a build artifact, based on the content of the RAML file. The link always points to the API documentation of the latest successful build.



Instructions
============

1. Clone this repo locally
2. Code the 2 different "features" detailed below
3. Commit and push each feature separately (in its own push)
4. In each commit message, include the feature number and a description
5. To win the game, your commits on GitHub master should not have any merges with other people's work


To Run the Game
===============

[git-rebase-game]$ ./play.sh


2 Features
==========

OLMIS-1
-------
Add a new musician in the musicians/ folder.
A musician is a simple shell script that echo's your favorite song lyric.
For example, see Adele.sh (you can copy this and modify to make your own).

OLMIS-2
-------
Update this documentation file: howto.txt.
Add a quote from your favorite movie into the file.
Your movie quote should be relevant to the SolDisco atmosphere.

